readme.md, before:

![General Assembly Logo](http://i.imgur.com/ke8USTq.png)

# Tic Tac Toe

## Objectives

* Build a tic tac toe game in HTML, CSS, and vanilla JavaScript
* Use best practices when writing code

This week we have been learning about HTML/CSS, Javascript and DOM manipulations, and writing functions.

We will be making a Tic Tac Toe game using all of these concepts.

## Getting Started

* Fork and clone this repository.
* Before you even start working with JavaScript, construct the gameboard. The gameboard page should include the 3x3 grid (of divs). Using `id` and `class` on clickable elements will help you wire this up in JavaScript afterwards.
* The JavaScript portion will be next
  * Select elements and attach functions via event listeners
  * You will also need a variable to keep track of moves. This will be used to indicate whether or not to draw an `X` or an `O`

## Requirements
* A user should be able to click on different squares to make a move.
* Every click will alternate between marking an `X` and `O`
* Upon marking of an individual cell, use JavaScript to add a class to each cell to display the separate players.
* Display a message to indicate which turn is about to be played.
* Detect draw conditions (ties/cat's game) 
* Detect winner: Stop game and declare the winner if one player ends up getting three in a row. 
  * Hint: Determine a set of winning combinations. Check those combinations on the board contents after every move.

**Have Fun** - The best way to learn is by playing with code. Let creativity guide you and try some experiments with JS and CSS and see what you can do.

## Bonuses

* Implement your reset button without refreshing the whole page
* Track player's wins over time
* Add a simple AI to support one player vs computer mode. In this case, "simple" just means having the computer pick a random empty square.
* Make your computer seem more human by adding a short time delay between your turn and the computer's turn.
* Style it up! Get creative, or even make a theme!

## Super Duper Bonus

* Add an AI that can beat you every time with the mini-max algorithm.

---

## Licensing
1. All content is licensed under a CC-BY-NC-SA 4.0 license.
2. All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.

Commit message:

Added resources used in Readme.md

readme.md, after:

Resources:

Mostly I just used google to look up any questions I had with syntax/function setups, mostly using GA Notes, W3 Schools, anmd Mozilla Web Dev. I also used Bootstrap for the framework of my html. 





![General Assembly Logo](http://i.imgur.com/ke8USTq.png)

# Tic Tac Toe

## Objectives

* Build a tic tac toe game in HTML, CSS, and vanilla JavaScript
* Use best practices when writing code

This week we have been learning about HTML/CSS, Javascript and DOM manipulations, and writing functions.

We will be making a Tic Tac Toe game using all of these concepts.

## Getting Started

* Fork and clone this repository.
* Before you even start working with JavaScript, construct the gameboard. The gameboard page should include the 3x3 grid (of divs). Using `id` and `class` on clickable elements will help you wire this up in JavaScript afterwards.
* The JavaScript portion will be next
  * Select elements and attach functions via event listeners
  * You will also need a variable to keep track of moves. This will be used to indicate whether or not to draw an `X` or an `O`

## Requirements
* A user should be able to click on different squares to make a move.
* Every click will alternate between marking an `X` and `O`
* Upon marking of an individual cell, use JavaScript to add a class to each cell to display the separate players.
* Display a message to indicate which turn is about to be played.
* Detect draw conditions (ties/cat's game) 
* Detect winner: Stop game and declare the winner if one player ends up getting three in a row. 
  * Hint: Determine a set of winning combinations. Check those combinations on the board contents after every move.

**Have Fun** - The best way to learn is by playing with code. Let creativity guide you and try some experiments with JS and CSS and see what you can do.

## Bonuses

* Implement your reset button without refreshing the whole page
* Track player's wins over time
* Add a simple AI to support one player vs computer mode. In this case, "simple" just means having the computer pick a random empty square.
* Make your computer seem more human by adding a short time delay between your turn and the computer's turn.
* Style it up! Get creative, or even make a theme!

## Super Duper Bonus

* Add an AI that can beat you every time with the mini-max algorithm.

---

## Licensing
1. All content is licensed under a CC-BY-NC-SA 4.0 license.
2. All software code is licensed under GNU GPLv3. For commercial use or alternative licensing, please contact legal@ga.co.
